Move some commas around (#71)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/05-glue/04-optparse.md

    (helper <*> pConvertSingle)
    (progDesc "Convert a single markup source to html")
```

> Note that `helper` adds a helper output screen if the parser fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `helper` adds a helper output screen in case the parser fails.
```
